Updating contents for graphs and trees. (#72)
WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos: topics/trees.md

> [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [solution discussion](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/discuss/?currentPage=1&orderBy=hot&query=) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
```

[Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/solution/)| please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
### Medium problems
Problem Statement | Solution | WWC example
--- | --- | ---
[Maximum Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-binary-tree/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-binary-tree/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
[Binary Tree Pruning](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-pruning/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-pruning/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

> [Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | [solution discussion](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/discuss/?currentPage=1&orderBy=hot&query=) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
```

[Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)| [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/solution)| | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
### Hard problems
Problem Statement | Solution | WWC example
--- | --- | ---
[Sum of Distances in Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-distances-in-tree/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-distances-in-tree/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
[Binary Tree Cameras](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-cameras/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-cameras/solution/) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

> [Number of ways to reconstruct a Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reconstruct-a-tree/) | [leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reconstruct-a-tree/solution) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Number of ways to reconstruct a Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reconstruct-a-tree/) | [solution discussion](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reconstruct-a-tree/discuss/?currentPage=1&orderBy=hot&query=) | please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
```

> [Vertical Order Traversal of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/vertical-order-traversal-of-a-binary-tree/)|[leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/vertical-order-traversal-of-a-binary-tree/solution)| please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Vertical Order Traversal of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/vertical-order-traversal-of-a-binary-tree/)|[leetcode's endorsed solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/vertical-order-traversal-of-a-binary-tree/discuss/?currentPage=1&orderBy=hot&query=)| please contribute your solution to our [code examples!](https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos/tree/master/code-examples/trees)
```
